MYSELF: SAIRA MARYAM
My name is Saira Maryam, and I am a passionate and driven individual with a keen interest in the medical and technological fields.
I believe that every person has a unique story to tell, and this is mine.
BACKGROUND
I am 16 years old and currently attending Punjab Group of Colleges for Women, where I am in my second year studying pre-medical.
I completed my matriculation with sciences from a Govt. School, passed with a percentage above 80%.
My family background is rooted in a village called 170GB. 
My father was a learned man with an interest in herbal medicines who passed away last year.
I have a single mother who is a dedicated homemaker.
I have 3 siblings, me being the youngest one.
Growing up, our household environment was always focused on studies, and books were a central part of our lives.
My father always encouraged me in whatever I did, fostering my curiosity and love for learning.
INTEREST AND HOBBIES
From a young age I have been interested in arts, which led me towards digital arts.
My passion for creativity has not been limited infact it also extended to architectural design and I have undertaken small projects in this feild.
Additionally, I enjoy knitting, skating and painting.My family has always been supportive of my diverse interests.
I also had an early interest in martial arts.
Although, I focused more on studies but the passion of gaining a deeper knowledge of my hobbies still resides in me.
GOALS AND ASPIRATIONS
In short term, I aim to excel in my current studies and gain a deeper understanding of medical field.
In long run, I aspire to combine my interests in tech and medicine perhaps with a little sprinkle of arts and explore new fields.
Achieving these goals require dedication and hardwork, and I am committed to put in all the effort to make it a reality.
ACHIEVEMENTS AND ACOMPLISHMENTS
One of my proudest achievements is participating in a science exhibition in 9th grade held at Agriculture University.
This experience was eye-opening, showing me the limitless possibilities when provided with right resources and opportunities.
Academically,I have consistently secured above 80% in my exams, balancing my studies with extracurricular activities and hobbies.
CHALLENGES AND LESSONS LEARNED
Throughout my life,I have encountered many challenges infact every person has.
The lose of my father and moving houses, such experiences taught me resilience and adaptability.
Shifting homes allowed me to see and observe different environments and people, enriching my prespective.
Despite these I have always remained focused on my goals and dreaming bigger, exploring the limitless possibilities of our world.
CONCLUSION
In conculsion I am Saira Maryam, a dedicated indivitual with a firm passion for learning and exploring.
My background, environment, interests and experiences have shaped me into the person I am today,and I am excited to continue my journey.
I believe that with dedication and preseverance, I can achieve my goals and contribute to society.
Writing this essay for the "Certified Cloud Native Applied Generative AI Engineer" program is a "step" of learning.
A step towards my goal of learning and applying new skills for a better future.
